Good morning, family. I'm going to
do another reactionary prayer video,
"Pray With Me,"to motivate
you
to pray. I created these—and I've
said it several times
now—to
help motivate people to
pray. I know sometimes
it's hard to jump into the rivers by
yourself, and it's easier to
jump in with a lot of people.
I created these videos
on my "Pray With Me"channel, and I
really believe they're helping people
get excited about
intercessory prayer. In these last
days, whether you're praying as a group, on the
way to work, or on the way home, it
is
your own private
time. I just want to encourage you
all to pray with me. These
are
exciting times. The
Lord told me to do this, so I'm
being obedient to what He has asked me to
do. Hopefully, this will motivate
you to jump into the rivers with me. I didn't
finish the
last video;
I
stopped in the middle
right after Pastor George gave that
prophecy from Brother Hagin about going into
the
ocean and the
wave coming.
I'm believing God for the manifestation
of the glorious outpouring.
That's what I'm standing for, and I
want to tell you something I
found exciting last night
during
my prayer time. The Lord told me again to
listen to Paul
Begley's
channel. He was talking about the red heifer
again. I only
listened to
a
bit
of it, but it was what the Holy
Spirit wanted me to hear because it was
confirmation for what the Lord had
shown
me about Passover.
Whenever the Lord spoke to me, He said,
"Brandon, this isn't about the
church; this is about the
Jews."He
spoke to
me about the acceleration that was about
to take place starting
at
Passover. He said a great
acceleration was going to take place.
After I listened to Paul Begley,
he was talking about
how
the rabbis built
a ramp with an altar on it to sacrifice
the red heifer. It was on
one of the major networks in
America talking about how they were
going to do this. He even
mentioned
that
sacrificing this red
heifer
has not been done for
over 2,000 years;
they've only done it nine times
prior to that. He said
that when this happens, it will
be just like
the time of
Jesus.
What's so amazing to me is the
timing of everything:
the
acceleration of all these events, the eclipse that
is
about
to come across America in the
next couple of days, and the
sacrifice of the red heifer potentially at
Passover.
Look at how fast it's going!
He also said there was a
rabbi who prophesied 800 years ago that
when they sacrifice the next red
heifer,
we would see the Messiah come
that year.
This was a prophecy
given
800 years ago
about sacrificing the red
heifer;
this would be the 10th red
heifer
about
to be sacrificed.
It's going to be the dedication to
start the Third
Temple—the
one I told you about where, when I
went to the Tribulation, I saw the Antichrist
on that temple talking to the
people.
It's all
coming to pass so
quickly. I was just so
excited when I heard about the 2,000
years and the
800-year-old
prophecy
on Paul Begley's
channel. He's doing
a conference
about the end times and
the
significance
of
the
eclipse on
April
8th.
I just want to encourage you
all: Jesus is coming!
As a group, we pray
and
intercede for the
signs of the times and all the
things the Lord is wanting to do.
We're helping
cultivate the soil and priming
the pump
for what's
happening in the spirit realm.
When
we're doing this, push in hard and
let's go into the deep rivers.
We're going to finish off this prayer
video together.
We take up Israel
now.
Thank you,
Lord, for the peace of Jerusalem. We call
for wisdom over
Benjamin Netanyahu
and
divine protection over Israel.
We lift up kingdom
operations
over the innocent
people.
When I'm praying, I see the Lord
warning me about
the "Great Betrayal"concerning the United
States turning its back on Israel
and
not supporting them.
This
opens up an attack. I
saw a red dragon come
across the sky
from
the
west and
strike
America. This is part of the
demonic
assignment
sent to try
to destroy America, but I know we
can stop things through prayer.
I thank You for
angelic assistance from
heaven for the nations.
Lord, in Your
mercy, You're moving people
out of harm's way, just
as
You moved Lot and his wife
out.
You're
moving them out of
judgment's path.
I
pray over America now. We
lift up
America;
you shall be saved
and
turned
around. We call for
repentance over the wicked
and
the
prideful.
Let the church bells ring
for His purpose.
I
saw a steeple
with golden church bells, but
the paint on the church was black.
The
bells were
ringing
with the glory—like gold
dust
all over them as they rang. The bells
are
to
awaken
the
slumbering
Body
of
Christ.
It's
time
to wake up,
for the King is coming.
This is the last call.
As
in
the
days
of
Noah,
he
yelled that last call for
anyone
to come into the Ark
before the door
closes. This
is the
last call for grace
before the Great
Tribulation.
The bells are ringing in the church;
the church is sleeping, and Jesus is
going to wake up the church.
Father, I thank You for
the
outpouring
and
a massive harvest of
souls. We ask for one last
push for the church bells to ring and wake everybody out
of their slumber, especially across America. Shake the nations,
Father, so there would be
one last push.
The door is
closing.
Jesus is
coming.
I call healing over
your
bodies right now.
I call deliverance
from
cancers
or
diabetes.
I
call
for
restoration for
marriages and children. I command drug
addictions
to be free in the name of
Jesus.
I pray
for healing over
my
daughter's
cough—no
more allergies.
We call
finances in for each
individual believing for money
today. We thank You for
angels that bring our money
and
for
a
supernatural wealth transfer
to pay our bills.
All things are
possible to him who believes.
I
pray for a supernatural
blessing over your households
for Palm
Sunday.
Something supernatural
is about to take place with
Israel
and
Passover.
I
have to write all this down and
keep praying.
I'll do more prayer videos
in the
days ahead.
Thank you for watching. God
bless you all.
Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you.
Click
the
notification bell, like, and subscribe.
Have a
wonderful day.